Dad?
You just happened to be the one who impersonated the Dragon King today
You are so brave
You see who I am
Zhou Rong sea cucumber
Dad, you see clearly
He's a bad fortune teller
Elder Peacock told me personally
Xiao Tianshi is the rookie Dragon King
Kneel down for me
He really is the Dragon King
Dragon King, forgive me!
Dragon King forgive me
Why are you?
Didn't you tell me you were the Dragon King?
I already said he was a liar
I can't do it myself
You dare to impersonate Red Hair?
I just want to trick Mo Ran into marrying me
In this case, we not only have the agency
We are still the relatives of the country lord
Dad you liar
If it weren't for Wan Mo Li today
I fell for you
Liar Zhou Family Master
Your son impersonates the Dragon King and wants to saw my legs
What crime do you think?
At the disposal of the Dragon King
There is no such rebel in the Zhou family
Dad, I was wrong.
Dragon King, I'll wipe your feet
I'll wipe your feet, no need.